# Privacy Policy
<h1>Makao.asia</h1>
<p>Terms & Conditions
(Applied from June 01, 2022) </p>
<p>All the participants are requested to read these Terms and Conditions carefully while using Mekao platform (mobile app and website). Your present and access in the platform depends on the acknowledgement of these terms and Condition which applied for all visitors, users, and the stakeholders who access, download, register or use Mekao Platform. Any disagreement regarding a part or whole Terms and Policies then you may not enter into the platform. </p>
<h3>Intellectual property Rights</h3>
<p>Mekao.asia hold the rights ton ownership and manage copyright act by Mekao. All the related aspects of Mekao App and website including templates, design, logo, number, marketing techniques, content, cash flow, graphics and images etc. must keep in protected according to copyright act. The law is applicable and enforces to anyone in terms of restricted from downloading, reusing, reconfiguring and imitating contents or anything which own by Mekao. Such approach is highly prohibited and punishable without any prior notice. Mekao hold the authority to sue against any distortion of intellectual property rights. </p>
<h3>Use of Mekao platform </h3>
<p>Mekao.asia is a dedicated service providing platform from customers and service providers containing profiles, email ID, message facility, blogs, advertisements and other communication medium for operating. The available service for users are making order, sending and receiving message regarding services. Any distortion of this policy going to be punishable. </p>
<h3>Customer Information </h3>
<p>At opening new account Mekao platform requires some basic personal information regarding service deliberation. Mekao expects the authentic information from customers including location, identity, and contract information and verify it. Mekao platform is only responsible for making an intense attempt to render the best service to the customer and hence does not take the sole responsibility of suitability, reliability, timelines and accurate facilities always towards every service confirmed by customers. Mekao hold the authority to decline any order if the given information seams wrong, or any malpractice. </p>
<h3>Service Provider information </h3>
<p>Mekao.asia conducts the necessary information regarding service providers before onboard for ensuring safety and security of customers. There lays a definite agreement with every service provider for erasing any future conflict and specifying the responsibility, reliability, point of burden and accuracy of service. </p>
<h3>Beauty and Healthcare Service</h3>
<p>Mekao.asia works as a service providing platform to customers for availing different services through a specific service provider and therefore not liable for any damage or negligence occurred during or after proving service. Mekao involves with connecting the customer with experience service provider and render online and offline payment facilities. The service icons will feature the service provider's brand logo in Mekao.asia's common icon motif, and it is entirely up to the client to choose which service provider to use. Notably, if the service provider commits any criminal offenses, exhibits, behavioral misconduct, or negligence anywhere at stage of the service delivery, the customer has the right to pursue legal action against the service provider under the law, and Mekao platform will not be a party to that kind of legal action.</p>
<h3>Home Appliances and consumer electronics</h3>
<p>Repair charges/Visit charges/ Basic charges – is the minimum compulsory charges on the service provider visiting to customer premises regardless the service deliberation at first visit. </p>
<p>Post visit- if any service requires any spare part/s to be changed or replaced, it would be cost extra if it is not included in the Mekao platform service derails adjusted with market rate The technician will have a legitimate job card and cash acceptance supplied by the company, which will explain the symptoms detected and the job done / proposed for that particular appliance, and will be signed by both the technician and the customer.</p>
<p>Spare component replacement - based on spare part availability and market price, the service provider will estimate the client's requirement/s, which the customer can handle himself or the service provider can manage.</p>
<p>Before replacement or change of any spare parts customer confirmation is necessary as per estimation and ordered to service provider.  However, repeated and commonly use parts are available at Mekao Platform.</p>
<p>Service warranty – warranty for workmanship is applied for a specified service in Mekao platform on specific services and time starts from the date of work completed. No warranty for spare parts is given. </p>
<p>Mekao has no liability at providing repair or servicing which will improper use, unauthorized alteration, modification or change any parts without the concern of Mekao. Besides, any abnormal voltage fluctuations, negligence of owner, acts of God, and natural calamities remains out of liability. If any of our service will seek, it considers as a new order and proceed as fresh order. While every effort will be made to give priority to emergency equipment breakdowns, the company will not be held liable for any losses incurred.</p>
<p>Mekao prefers to render repair service to the customer premises and only at the emergency situation or inability to repair at customer premise then the services provider can carry it to the shop but before it the customer inform it to Mekao. For such situation, Mekao platform won't take any risk or liability as well as transportation cost.</p>


<h3>PAYMENT SERVICE</h3>
<p>Only authorized business partners are allowed to use the Mekao Platform to pay bills, and it is limited to a city/area where Mekao provides specialized services. For valid customer ID and valid payment account, Mekao provides a convenient and safe payment mechanism to our registered business partner. All successful purchases will be shown on the application's 'My Payments' area, and receipts will be sent to your registered email address. Your services will be operational within 24 hours of completing the purchase; however, this is entirely dependent on the service provider's turn - around time, for which Mekao.asia bears no responsibility. Our business partner has the option to levy a service tax for providing services. If funds are deducted from the user account but the payment is not reflected in the application, please contact customer service at (+880193244480) or mekao.asia@gmail.com. If the transaction is completed at the payment gateway service provider, the customer's payment will be reflected within 48 hours. Please contact the bank for further information if your payment status is not updated within the specified time range. Customers must supply authentic, accurate, and complete information regarding their identification, payment account data (card information, bank account information, wallet credentials), and other information, as well as payment information (payment amount and transaction description). In the event that your information is inaccurate, Mekao.asia retains the right to terminate your account or refuse your current and future use of the service for any suspicious event. If Mekao is unable to effect any Payment Instruction(s) on the Payment Date due to one or more of the following conditions, Mekao accepts no responsibility and assumes no obligation</p>
<li>
<ul>1. If you have supplied payment instructions that are partial, inaccurate, or invalid.</ul>
<ul>2. If there are insufficient funds/limits in the Payment Account to pay the amount specified in the Payment Instruction (s)</ul>
<ul>3. If your bank or wallet service refuses to fulfill the Payment Instruction or takes too long to do so (s)</ul>
<ul>4. If the biller does not process the payment when it is received.</ul>
<ul>5. If the user exceeds the transaction/amount limit set by wallets, payment gateways, and banks.</ul>
<ul>6. Circumstances outside Mekao.asia's control such as natural disasters, payment system malfunctions, power outages, and so on.</ul>
</li>
<p>Note: Customer must assure continuous internet connections and have all necessary equipment, including a computer and modem or other access device, to create such a connection to the World Wide Web. Any fees related with access to the World Wide Web, whether directly or indirectly, are completely the responsibility of the customer.</p>
<h3>TERMINATION OF SERVICE</h3>
<p>This platform reserves the right to terminate or suspend our association in case you violate any of our policies. The termination or suspension will be effective immediately after delivering the prior notice which will be sent via mail. This platform reserves also the right to take action legally, including without injunctive redress, limitations in pursuing civil and criminal for offensive or inappropriate behavior. Breaching or violating any of the policies will enforce the company’s agreements to expire or terminate. Termination of the company’s agreement will also enforce the company to cancel the refunds, ongoing requested services and other customer disputes. The company offers warranty of 30 to 60 days for the service they offered via this platform (warranty period is depend on services, with the variation of services). If the service provider asks for any additional charges then you must inform the customer care before paying.</p>
<h3>BILLING AND PAYMENT POLICY</h3>
<p>The customer of the company get offers to pay the Service Provider through online banking, mobile wallet or by cash. The company take no responsibility for refund of cash payment. After the completion of work, customer is immediately liable to pay the amount invoiced. Paying money to Service Provider without the knowledge of Mekao.asia community, will take no responsibility. We do not control cash payments, we will be only responsible for what is agreed between the company and customer. Hence the important fact is that, payments should be made to the platform directly through online payment options that is available on the platform. We discourage to reward or tips any Service Provider of us however doing so is completely based on customer’s own decision and will. After payment if the user account shows deduction of money but the application does not reflect any payment, we request you to contact with the customer care or customer care support or Email. If the gateway service provider has a successful payment through transaction, the payment will reflect within 48 hours. Within the given time frame if your payment status is not updated, you are requested to contact with the bank for further queries, on such cases the company does not take responsibility and as per Bank's TAT, your bank account will reflect the payment. </p>
<h3>SERVICE DELIVERY</h3>
<p>The company strongly discourages the customer to request for any service directly to the Service Provider or any direct contact of customer with our assigned Service Provider, we take no responsibility on whatsoever condition or situation! As we have no control in such cases. For delivering the service, the company does not deal with or provide any spare parts or material required. To carry out the service, we request the customer to buy the material by their own. The damages that caused during the delivery of service will be the liability or responsibility of Service Provider. In such cases we request customer to contact firstly with the customer support team. If the damages resolve with mutual understand then a complaint may lodge against the service provider. Customer is requested to immediately inform or report the company for any unsatisfied behavior or misconduct of any of the service provider so that necessary action can be taken due to resolve the occurrence and prevent such incidence in future. However, in case misconduct of Service Provider falls in the breach of law categories then the service provider will be liable and responsible as per the applicable laws directly if the customer deal with that. Also, during delivering the service or at the service cycle stages if the service provider involves in any criminal activities, the customer, at its own will can keep us informed on full details or take direct action under the country’s law. Any such action will not be supported by the company.</p>
<h3>GOVERNING LAW</h3>
<p>In accordance with the laws of Country, these Terms should be constructed and governed without regard to the law provisions conflict. If we fail to enforce any provision or right of these Terms, it will not consider as a waiver to those rights. Even if a court declare unenforceable or invalid to any provision of these Terms, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain effective. The entire agreement between us is constituted with these Terms regarding the Service we provide, and supersede and replacement of any prior agreements that we might have regarding the Service between us.</p>

<h3>DISPUTE RESOLUTION MANAGEMENT</h3>
<p>The Platform, we reserve the right to manage, decline or resolve the customer disputes. The concern team will process any customer raised dispute and on acceptance of dispute, notify the customer along with complaint number via mail. From the day of complaint, within 7 working days, the concern team will inquire the complaint and based on their findings, they will give response to the customer. In case of the dissatisfaction of customer with the resolution, the matter may resolve amicably by arbitration under the Bangladesh Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 2001 as the parties agreed on it. Chittagong, Bangladesh shall be the arbitration venue. English shall be the arbitration language. Mekao platform reserves the right to change the ‘Terms & Conditions’ and Other Policies, at our sole discretion, to replace, modify or delete the terms and conditions or any other policies at any time, without or with prior notice made to customer. Our sole discretion will determine the material change. Our sincere effort to bring the changes and the application to accept the changes will be ensured via mail. The service providers and customers are requested to visit the Terms & Conditions and Policies at a certain frequency to update the same. After revising the terms if you continue to use or access our Service, you will agree to be bound by the terms you revised. Please stop using the Service, in case you disagree to any of the new terms.</p>
